Update fundamentals-1.md (#25846)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/fundamentals-1.md

This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

> * The precise differences between `var` and `let` are explained in [javascript.info](https://javascript.info/var).

Reviewer: I changed the link description to be more descriptive since that what we intend to do with all of the links in the curriculum. What do you think?

> * The precise differences between `var` and `let` are explained in [javascript.info](https://javascript.info/var).

Author: It's much better, I am new to this so I didn't know. Thanks for correcting me!

This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

> - The precise difference between `var` and `let` is explained in [javascript.info](https://javascript.info/var).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The precise differences between `var` and `let` are explained in [this javascript.info article titled the old "var"](https://javascript.info/var).
```

Reviewer: Same feedback as before to make the link more descriptive :) 

Glad the conflicts got solved! Great job
